Devonion comes below deck seing his father murdered. He is broken. He attempts to slash at murdock who holds hime.

Wolfric takes a moment on the boat to make his oath and inspires people on the ship. The book is still with Karsa.

Things seem to calm a bit and after discussion the party determines to continue straight to Joybright. The evening sets on and the mroning begins. Down below deck all of the refugees are excited and speaking and singing and tessa has the book again. She is reading from it and has wolfric also read from it. Karsa confroonts her wishing to take the book. He does and then murdock grabs it and runs. The tension in the air is thick and some people try to stop murdock from running. The rest of the party is unsure of where their allegiances lie. Tessa becomes quiet as soon a fog evelops the ship. Devonian comes form the back swinging wildly. Karsa is forced to run and is struck. Up top wulfric, murdock and paul climb the mast with the book and spend some time talking. While down below the fog still covers all Karsa is struck by devonian. The fog drops and the scene has changed greatly. Tessa is surrounded by her followers and is changed. Several of the refugees kill themsleves as the rest shuffle toward her. Karsa kills devonian and moves toward tessa. Tesaa and her followers are envolped in a wall of thorns from lil moon killing all but Tessa. Woflric finally arrives and saves devonian by taknig his dying condition (courtesy of boon from illmater) and then rols a nat 20 to immediate come up. He tells devonian to finish Karsa. They run to do so but striking Karsa immediately kills Devonian and Wulfric due to the lightning shield put on by Water Walt. Tessa continues to try and hurt Karsa focusing on him. Lil moon uses speak with plants and moves the thorns to slam on Tessa. Its enough to consume her as she is ripped apart slowly, looking towards her sons body in her last moments.....

The ship goes silent. 13 adults and 6 children of the refugees are alive. Wulfric is down and paul has angered Karsa.